[Security Center] Investigate and Categorization (#9619)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/security-center/investigate/change-categorization.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Change categorization
weight: 4
---

# Change categorization

Domains are sorted into categories by their content and security type. Refer to domain categories for more information. You can request categorization changes in three ways:

## API

You can request categorization changes by creating a [miscategorization API Token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/miscategorization-create-miscategorization).

## Radar feedback

> You can also use [Cloudflare Radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/domains/feedback) to submit feedback to request recategorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [Cloudflare Radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/domains/feedback) to submit feedback to request recategorization.
```

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Change Categorization
weight: 4
---

# Change Categorization

Domains are sorted into categories by their content and security type. Refer to domain categories for more information. You can request categorization changes in three ways:

## API

[Create miscategorization API Token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/miscategorization-create-miscategorization)

## Radar feedback

https://radar.cloudflare.com/domains/feedback

> 

Reviewer: add a description on these, rather than just dropping a link

## Dash

Security Center > Investigate > Request to change categorization

The category change requests will be revised by the Cloudflare team, depending on the type of change. Check back to see if the change was implemented.

{{<Aside type="note">}}
There is no guarantee the category change will be approved.

> {{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: I don't think you would need to add the line for "Security Center > Investigate > Request to change categorization". 

You can delete this section and include "The category change requests will be revised by the Cloudflare team, depending on the type of change. Check back to see if the change was implemented" and the note in the section below!

> ## Change categorization in Investigate

Reviewer: It might already be a given that this is in "Investigate" so perhaps adjusting the title to "Change categorization" might be better?

Author: Totally agree, making that edit

Author: Oh wait actually I'm looking over it again. I'm conflicted on it because the first heading is also "Change categorization." I wanted to specify that this method is only used through Investigate, as opposed to API or Radar feedback. Do you think I should just remove that heading and merge it with Dash?

Reviewer: maybe you can title it with like "Change categorization via the Cloudflare dashboard"? saying just "dash" is not the best choice imo

Author: True, I like that new title more. Thanks!

> When you search for a domain, you can see an option to request to change categorization under the **Domain Overview**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you search for a domain, you can request to change its categorization under the **Domain Overview**.
```

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.

> 2. Go to Security Center > Investigate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Security Center** > **Investigate**.
```

> 1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
> 2. Go to Security Center > Investigate.
> 3. Select Request to change categorization.
> 4. Choose to change a security or a content category.
> 5. Select Submit to submit your request for review after you have selected categories.
> 6. Select up to two content categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Go to **Security Center** > **Investigate**.
3. Select **Request to change categorization**.
4. Choose whether to change a security or a content category.
5. Select **Submit** to submit your request for review after you have selected the categories.
6. Select up to two content categories.
```

Reviewer: For step 6, it feels a bit out of place. Might it be better to add as a note or as an extension of the previous steps? Like "Choose whether to change a security or a content category. You can select up to two content categories." something like that?

Author: That's fair. I think if it sticks out, maybe it can be cut altogether. The note does specify that more than two categories are not permitted

{{<Aside type="note">}}
The interface will not allow a domain to have more than two content categories associated with it. To change the proposed categories, remove some of the selected categories.
{{</Aside>}}

Once the reports have been reviewed and actioned by the Cloudflare team, the new categories will be visible in Investigate and in Cloudflare Radar.

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Requesting a change to **Security** Categories will trigger a deeper investigation on the Cloudflare side to confirm that the submission is valid. 
{{</Aside>}}

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Requesting a **Content** Category change also requires Cloudflare validation but the turnaround time for these submissions is usually lower as it requires less investigation.

> {{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: This might be better as just separate paragraphs rather than notes
